Spring Security by design is very modular.
It has solutions for many of the challenges an
enterprise application might face.
There are many projects from Spring Data that deals with data
access, Spring Cloud for building microservices, and,
of course, Spring Security, which is the topic of this course.
If you drill into the Spring Security project,
it is made up of multiple modules that can be added as
dependencies to your application.
Spring‑security‑core and spring‑security‑config are the main modules
responsible for the core authentication and authorization functionality and to
enable custom configurations via annotations or via XML.
Then, you can add spring‑security‑test if you need to
test the security implementation.
If you're securing a web application,
then you need to include spring‑security‑web.
Other modules include spring‑security‑oauth, ldap, and so forth.
As you can see, you can mix and match to get the level of security you require.
Okay, now that we have gotten some of the terminology and theory out of the way,
join me next in the next module where you will see just how easy it is to configure Spring Security using spring Boot.